So what is this keyword all about, what are we what are we doing?
How does it work?
And what does the error syntax solve for us?
What does it mean when it says that there is no binding of this?
Let's have a look at what this all means.
Let's start at a very simple constructor function.
Remember, with a bootstrap to function, the value of this is bound to the newly created object being
created.
And this makes sense, right?
Well, let's create a person constructor function.
Where we sit this name equal fully and remember what the second step was with a constructor function,
it was to use the new keyword.
That's right.
And when we do that, when we say let's use it equals new person.
What we are actually doing is the value of this is being bound to the newly created object.
So that means we refer to this in our function call.
This is referring to the user, the newly created object.
And if we console log use out, we can see that we've now set this name property, which is name of
user to Wally.
So that makes sense.
You know this?
But now let's dig deeper.
Let's now set a timer using set interval.
And sit intervals are in both JavaScript function.
We'll see how it works now.
So let's comment this out so we don't get conflicting variable names.
And again, let's define a person function.
Let's say this first name is Wally.
And now what I want to do is I just want to say for even go and use wisely, I just want to console.log
Hi, everyone second to the console.
How do we do that?
Well, let's define a method called display.
And will make that equal to JavaScript enabled CET interval.
And you can see my I.D. has already picked it up for me set interval.
So how CET interval works as you've got to have parentheses?
And you can see my IDs already saying that the first argument has to be a handler.
In other words, it's going to be a function.
It's called every second.
So this just have a function, let's call it show, if we can call it whatever we want, it actually
doesn't matter in this instance.
And we want to console log to the screen.
All right.
So we're going to do for now.
And the second argument in this set interval function.
And if I just put a comma, my idea really tells me it's the timeout.
It's how many seconds don't want to lapse before this function gets called again.
And this is in milliseconds, so 1000 milliseconds is one second.
And they have it.
He has all function.
What's going to happen, though, when we create a new object and we execute this, let's have a look.
So let's use it equals new person.
And what I'm going to do now actually is I want to put this in Google Chrome's console.
It's just going to be easier for us to see the results of this.
So, yeah, you got as a console.
So all I want to do is I want to copy this function.
Let's go to our console and it's pasted in here.
And what's going to happen now is every second high is going to be displayed to the console.
And you can see that's exactly what's happening.
It's what we would expect.
But what happens if we wanted to display the first name, Wally every second?
Do you think we could do that yet, by the way, in case you're wondering why this is being executed
every second?
Just take a step back and think about what it is we've done.
We've defined a constructive function within the find a new user and we have executed this constructor
function.
The problem is with the set intervals that when the parser goes through it and execute it, it never
stops.
We haven't ever defined it to stop.
Just is going to continue indefinitely.
Anyway, getting back to the points at hand, what happens if we wanted to display not high, but high
quality, so we wanted to access the first name?
Well, your first thought might be okay, cool.
Let's just use template literals and go in console.log and go high and we log up this first name.
Right.
Kind of makes sense that, see, that's copied this function that's got our console again.
Stop this until the console aisle is based on newly created function.
It's going to happen.
Hi, undefined, and this is the point I'm trying to make with function expressions.
This seat interval method is just a normal function.
There's nothing special about it, but what's happening is that this key word is being set to the global
object.
It's not being set to the newly created object.
It almost ignores the current scope it's in, and it just references this as to the global object.
And let me prove this to you now.
Let's go back to our console and now remember how we did that within this function expression that this
key word when we use it, function expression, it's referencing the global object will improve that
you need to prove that you all we need to do is get rid of if she does get rid of the whole console,
it just console.log this.
So we don't.
And it's a copy.
That expression and it's pasted in Google Chrome.
Now what's going to happen, the you guy, this is the window object that's being consoled every second
to the screen.
OK, back to the console.
So we are back in the console and we know what the problem is, we don't want this to be bound to the
global object.
We almost want this.
We're not almost we do want this to be bound to the original context.
We don't want it replaced by anything else.
And that is exactly what we mean when we say the arrow.
Centex does not bind this, so say no, we want this to be bound in its original context.
This is a whole point of an error syntax.
So let me show you instead of having this syntax function, show this replace it with arrow syntax.
So we don't need the function and we don't even need to name it.
All we need is the opening and closing parentheses and the error.
That's the only change we need to make.
Now we copy this function and we paste this in the browser, but this is still going from our previous
example.
It's refresh the page clear the console paste this function in the what's going to happen now.
This is perfect because now we have console logging the newly created user object.
And it's just not this again.
Me refresh the page, clear the console.
We go back.
Yeah.
Now we are able to use literal syntax and we can say, Hi, this first name.
And if we copy this.
I stood in our Brasa, we should get high quality every single second.
How amazing is this?
And I hope that's sunk in.
This is what the Arabs and Texas doing.
If we go back to console, there's just one more thing I want to show you another way to prove that
this is pointing to the person object is within all function expression.
Yeah.
After we define first name, what even before doesn't matter, we can just say, let scope.
Equal this.
In what we can do is we can console log.
Scope equal to this, what do these two equal?
And again, it's copy this that's pasted in our.
Console is just clear at first vested in our console.
And we should get true.
And we do.
So there you go.
There you have it.
We've gone in depth as to what this means and the error syntax and how it impacts the this keyword.
OPV had fun.